my passion for what I do is that what
the passions for the habits is like you
know when you when you when you get
involved in something you can't get rid
of it it's like a relationship with your
wife we ship with your children when you
get ruin on this thing even come all of
you so he's like a passionate it goes
and he's on that no you can't let go of
it and I love what I do study that's why
I see it I just love what I do on
whatever I'm doing too personally
it's happy to be a hundred percent
that's milk mix me wire
2008 we use the carbon fiber systems
see which isn't here oh we did it buddy
job be the killer service follow why
Adam bodykit right people looks at it
and they don't recognize what we did we
customized by chocolate about a million
times just to get this streamline only
because if you look at it is very
awesome so it took all of us we are semi
pdb shut up or at least we achieve well
this is once in a lifetime experience I
was just talking to my brother yesterday
I mean I could come back here again but
it's not going to be the same I mean
meeting you all guys having a one-on-one
experience with Maria
you know the entire crew is not going to
be the same again you know that that
when that comic goes but the experience
I have here I mean it's me I'm gonna be
on YouTube something I'm gonna really do
this
it's something that you can never get
you know so I'm I'm proud I'm proud of
myself of everyone who helped
like my family supported me
after all the clown says doc and see